[agent builder] add built-in tools and agents references (#4590)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/ai-features/agent-builder/tools/builtin-tools-reference.md

`observability.get_correlated_logs`
:   Finds logs that are correlated with a specific event or time period.

`observability.run_log_rate_analysis`
:   Analyzes log ingestion rates to identify anomalies and trends.

`observability.get_anomaly_detection_jobs`
:   Retrieves {{ml-app}} [{{anomaly-jobs}}](/explore-analyze/machine-learning/anomaly-detection.md) and their top anomaly records for investigating outliers and abnormal behavior.

## Security tools
```{applies_to}
stack: ga 9.3+
```

% TODO mention that the built-in Security agent is assigned these tools

Security tools provide specialized capabilities for security monitoring, threat detection, and incident response.

`security.alerts`
:   Searches and analyzes security alerts using full-text or structured queries for finding, counting, aggregating, or summarizing alerts.

`security.entity_risk_score`
:   Retrieves [risk scores for entities](/solutions/security/advanced-entity-analytics/entity-risk-scoring.md) (users and hosts) to identify high-risk entities in the environment.

`security.attack_discovery_search`

> :   Searches [attack discovery](/solutions/security/ai/attack-discovery.md) data to find related attack patterns and techniques.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:   Given one or more alert IDs, returns any related [attack discoveries](/solutions/security/ai/attack-discovery.md) from the last week.
```

---
description: Reference of all built-in tools available in Elastic Agent Builder

> navigation_title: "Built-in tools reference"

Author: ```suggestion
navigation_title: "Built-in tools"
```
